chore(plugins/auth-backend): migrate from passport-saml package to @node-saml/passport-saml (#22580)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/tasty-oranges-rescue.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': minor
---

> migrate from 'passport-saml' to '@node-saml/passport-saml'  
> This comes with breaking changes to config options:
> 
> - `audience` is no mandatory
> - `wantAuthnResponseSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
> - `wantAssertionsSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING**: The `saml` provider has been migrated from `passport-saml` to `@node-saml/passport-saml`.
  
This comes with breaking changes to config options:

- `audience` is now mandatory
- `wantAuthnResponseSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
- `wantAssertionsSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
```

---
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': minor
---

> **BREAKING**: The `saml` provider has been migrated from `passport-saml` to `@node-saml/passport-saml`.
>   
> This comes with breaking changes to config options:
> 
> - `audience` is now mandatory
> - `wantAuthnResponseSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
> - `wantAssertionsSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING**: The `saml` provider has been migrated from `passport-saml` to `@node-saml/passport-saml`.

This comes with breaking changes to config options:

- `audience` is now mandatory
- `wantAuthnResponseSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
- `wantAssertionsSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`

```

> ---
> '@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': minor
> ---
> 
> **BREAKING**: The `saml` provider has been migrated from `passport-saml` to `@node-saml/passport-saml`.
> 
> This comes with breaking changes to config options:
> 
> - `audience` is now mandatory
> - `wantAuthnResponseSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
> - `wantAssertionsSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': minor
---

**BREAKING**: The `saml` provider has been migrated from `passport-saml` to `@node-saml/passport-saml`.

This comes with breaking changes to config options:

- `audience` is now mandatory
- `wantAuthnResponseSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
- `wantAssertionsSigned` is now exposed and defaults to `true`
```
